README.md, before:

# git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
#
# https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html#
#
# Run the following emsdk commands to get the latest tools from GitHub and set them as active:
#
# Fetch the latest version of the emsdk (not needed the first time you clone)
# git pull
#
# Download and install the latest SDK tools.
# emsdk install latest
#
# Make the "latest" SDK "active" for the current user. (writes .emscripten file)
# emsdk activate latest
#
# Activate PATH and other environment variables in the current terminal
# emsdk_env.bat
#
# Platform-specific notes
# Windows
# Install Python 3.6 or newer (older versions may not work due to a GitHub change with SSL).


# Build for Windows & Emscripten based on available example online.
# https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/blob/main/build-web.bat
# 
# CPP_FLAGS (Base)
# -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti
# CPP_FLAGS (Debug)
# -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter 
# CPP_FLAGS (Release)
# -g0 -DNDEBUG=1 -flto
#
# EMS_FLAGS (Base)
# --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 --shell-file src/ems/shell.html
# EMS_FLAGS (Debug)
# -s ASSERTIONS=2 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2
# EMS_FLAGS (Release)
# -s ABORTING_MALLOC=0 -s ASSERTIONS=0 -s DISABLE_EXCEPTION_CATCHING=1 -s EVAL_CTORS=1 -s SUPPORT_ERRNO=0 --closure 1
#
# OPT_FLAGS (Base)
#
# OPT_FLAGS (Debug)
# -O0
# OPT_FLAGS (Release)
# -O3 
#
# emcc %CPP_FLAGS% %OPT_FLAGS% %EMS_FLAGS% %INC% %SRC% -o %OUT%.html

# emcc -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 --shell-file src/ems/shell.html -s ASSERTIONS=2 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2 main.cpp -o output/index.html

# em++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 -s ASSERTIONS=1 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2 main.cpp -o output/index.html -s LLD_REPORT_UNDEFINED

# ENVIRONMENT=web 
# Building with '-sENVIRONMENT=web' will emit code that only runs on the Web, 
# and does not include support code for Node.js and other environments.

# ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0
# Building with -sALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH allows the total amount of memory used to change 
# depending on the demands of the application.

# em++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 main.cpp -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -o output/index.html --shell-file shell_minimal.html

# python -m http.server -d output
# http://localhost:8000

Commit message:

Changes:
* README.md
-> (WIP) need to tidy up build instructions, etc.

* main.cpp
-> Shader has problem compiling with Tint.

README.md, after:

# git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
#
# https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html#
#
# Run the following emsdk commands to get the latest tools from GitHub and set them as active:
#
# Fetch the latest version of the emsdk (not needed the first time you clone)
# git pull
#
# Download and install the latest SDK tools.
# emsdk install latest
#
# Make the "latest" SDK "active" for the current user. (writes .emscripten file)
# emsdk activate latest
#
# Activate PATH and other environment variables in the current terminal
# emsdk_env.bat
#
# Platform-specific notes
# Windows
# Install Python 3.6 or newer (older versions may not work due to a GitHub change with SSL).


# Build for Windows & Emscripten based on available example online.
# https://github.com/cwoffenden/hello-webgpu/blob/main/build-web.bat
# 
# CPP_FLAGS (Base)
# -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti
# CPP_FLAGS (Debug)
# -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter 
# CPP_FLAGS (Release)
# -g0 -DNDEBUG=1 -flto
#
# EMS_FLAGS (Base)
# --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 --shell-file src/ems/shell.html
# EMS_FLAGS (Debug)
# -s ASSERTIONS=2 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2
# EMS_FLAGS (Release)
# -s ABORTING_MALLOC=0 -s ASSERTIONS=0 -s DISABLE_EXCEPTION_CATCHING=1 -s EVAL_CTORS=1 -s SUPPORT_ERRNO=0 --closure 1
#
# OPT_FLAGS (Base)
#
# OPT_FLAGS (Debug)
# -O0
# OPT_FLAGS (Release)
# -O3 
#
# emcc %CPP_FLAGS% %OPT_FLAGS% %EMS_FLAGS% %INC% %SRC% -o %OUT%.html

# emcc -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 --shell-file src/ems/shell.html -s ASSERTIONS=2 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2 main.cpp -o output/index.html

# em++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-nonportable-include-path -fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g3 -D_DEBUG=1 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter --output_eol linux -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s MINIMAL_RUNTIME=2 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -s NO_FILESYSTEM=1 -s STRICT=1 -s TEXTDECODER=2 -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -s WASM=1 -s ASSERTIONS=1 -s DEMANGLE_SUPPORT=1 -s SAFE_HEAP=1 -s STACK_OVERFLOW_CHECK=2 main.cpp -o output/index.html -s LLD_REPORT_UNDEFINED

# ENVIRONMENT=web 
# Building with '-sENVIRONMENT=web' will emit code that only runs on the Web, 
# and does not include support code for Node.js and other environments.

# ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0
# Building with -sALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH allows the total amount of memory used to change 
# depending on the demands of the application.


# [https://emscripten.org/docs/tools_reference/emcc.html]
#
# -g<level>
# "[compile+link] Controls the level of debuggability."

# [https://emscripten.org/docs/tools_reference/emcc.html]
# "Most clang options will work, as will gcc options (...) To see the full list of Clang options supported on the version of Clang used by Emscripten, run clang --help."
# e.g.) clang --help | findstr /c:"no-rtti"

# [https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Warning-Options.html#Warning-Options]
# "Each of these specific warning options also has a negative form beginning ‘-Wno-’ to turn off warnings; (...)."
#
# -Wunused-parameter
# "Warn whenever a function parameter is unused aside from its declaration. To suppress this warning use the unused attribute (see Variable Attributes)."

# [https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/C_002b_002b-Dialect-Options.html#C_002b_002b-Dialect-Options]
# "(...) options that are only meaningful for C++ programs."
#
# -Wno-exceptions 
# "Disable the warning about the case when an exception handler is shadowed by another handler, which can point out a wrong ordering of exception handlers."
#
# -fno-rtti
# "Disable generation of information about every class with virtual functions for use by the C++ run-time type identification features (dynamic_cast and typeid). If you don’t use those parts of the language, you can save some space by using this flag."

# em++ -std=c++11 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -fno-rtti -g3 -Wno-unused -Wno-unused-parameter -s ENVIRONMENT=web -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=0 main.cpp -s USE_WEBGPU=1 -o output/index.html --shell-file shell_minimal.html

# python -m http.server -d output
# http://localhost:8000
